Welcome to House Physis' shop; known as 'Arcadia!'. All proceeds go to plants and animals. Once daily either Kaldoris or Glyrin will take a group into the forest and teach you the wisdom of the forest, animals and the druids. If you come to seven of these sessions* you will have enough knowledge to become proficient with: Animal handling, Survival or medicine. 

*To qualify for being there you have to either respond to the message or react to the message within 1 hour of the message going up.

I have also retrieved some items from Pan and the forest to sell for some gold.
Flower jug (120gp):
This ceramic jug appears to be able to hold a gallon of liquid and weighs 12 pounds whether full or empty. Sloshing sounds can be heard from within the jug when it is shaken, even if the jug is empty.

You can use an action and name one liquid from the table below to cause the jug to produce the chosen liquid. Afterward, you can uncork the jug as an action and pour that liquid out, up to 2 gallons per minute. The maximum amount of liquid the jug can produce depends on the liquid you named.

Once the jug starts producing a liquid, it can't produce a different one, or more of one that has reached its maximum, until the next dawn.
Beer    4 gallons
Honey    1 gallon
Water, fresh    8 gallons
Water, salt    12 gallons
Wine    1 gallon
Snake Venom     1/2 gallon (2d4 damage for every 1/8 of a gallon consumed)

Potion of Animal friendship (75gp):
When you drink this potion, you can cast the animal friendship spell (save DC 13) for 1 hour at will. Agitating this muddy liquid brings little bits into view: a fish scale, a hummingbird tongue, a cat claw, or a squirrel hair.

Potion of the wild (75gp):
When you drink this potion, you gain the effects of both 'Speak with animals' and 'Speak with plants' for 1 hour. The liquid appears as leafy green colour.

Staff of flowers (50gp):
This wooden staff has 10 charges. While holding it, you can use an action to expend 1 charge from the staff and cause a flower to sprout from a patch of earth or soil within 5 feet of you, or from the staff itself. Unless you choose a specific kind of flower, the staff creates a mild-scented daisy. The flower is harmless and nonmagical, and it grows or withers as a normal flower would.

The staff regains 1d6 + 4 expended charges daily at dawn. If you expend the last charge, roll a d20. On a 1, the staff turns into flower petals and is lost forever.
.
Robe of summer (500gp):

This garment is made from cloth in hues of red, orange, and gold. While you wear the robe, you have resistance to cold damage. In addition, you are comfortable as if the temperature were that of a balmy day, so you suffer no ill effects from the weather’s temperature extremes


(This is going to be a full role play channel. Please try to keep messages limited to in character stuff. And go wild with your role play.)
